I mean, I didn't have some sexual desire
for my mother, but when I look at her,
very beautiful blonde, you know, red
lipstick, you know, very beautiful
woman, I was like, "Mommy, I that looks
really good. I like that."
It goes without saying that my next
guest has been wrong about a million
topics and he's hurt a lot of people in
the process.
So, a lot of scientists think anthrax
might have come from Mars. For over two
decades, Alex Jones has run a platform
called Infowars, which still regularly
reaches millions of Americans daily
despite being unavailable on most
platforms, including Roku. How the hell
do you get banned from Roku? But I spent
hours with the guy between my home in LA
and the Infowars headquarters in Austin,
and we really ended up hitting it off.
He's like that kid you meet in
elementary school. no filter, gets
bullied for saying all the wrong things.
He can accidentally hurt some people in
the process, but he's actually more in
touch with reality than the cool kids on
certain topics because he's been so
marginalized.
[Applause]
USA.
I was first introduced to Alex Jones by
one of my favorite movies, Richard
Linklater's Waking Life. In the movie,
Jones delivers an epic tirade on human
liberty and flourishing. To me, this is
what Alex was originally all about
before going a little off the deep end.
Populist anti-itism and taking back
control from an oppressive corportocracy
trying to distract us with consumerism
and endless foreign wars. It's ironic to
me that he's now considered a cut and
dry right-wing coup conspiracy theorist.
In fact, in the early 2000s, he was very
anti- George W. Bush, anti- the war in
Iraq, and against neoconservatism.
Well, we just say we battle the
censorship, and we promise not to talk
about anything serious.
In this very raw interview, we discuss
his long relationship with Joe Rogan,
the mainstream media, and its woes,
weird science, parasychology, UFOs,
esoteric philosophy, and his role as a
societal scapegoat. We even show a clip
of Jones making a bone chillingly
accurate prediction in July of 2001 that
you'll have to watch to the end of the
video to see. My amazing friend Rivetz
joined us in LA and to keep things
light, we all decided to drink tequila,
play fun trivia games, and do a little
arts and crafts. The result is a very
unguarded Alex Jones that you're not
used to seeing. And if you want more of
that Alex, please watch this incredible
documentary on him coming out on July
1st by the great director Alex Lee
Moyer. I'm linking the movie's website
in the description. Without further ado,
sit back, relax, and hit subscribe, and
join me in welcoming the internet's
bogeyman, the conspiracy king himself,
and this week's scapegoat, Alex Jones.
The most hated man in America.
No, you're putting words in my mouth. A
criminal like Stalin or Trump?
Tie me off. Snip me.
You are fake news. I don't see it as
left or right. It's [__] You know,
it travels speed and ultimately one
victim must be killed.
I got attacked by all my followers.
[__] man.
I'm Alex. I'm Jessie.
This is like a cool place. Like hobbits
live.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, brother.
Good to see you. How you doing?
Good, man. Good. I think it's important
to situate you for a lot of people
because I think a lot of people have
really broad misconception of you.
It's really kind of magic out here. I
love all this.
This looks like we're like I said, Bill
Baggins would come walking out of here.
So Gandalf's about to pop out over here.
They don't think that you're broadly
anti- elitist. You just see that there's
this strata of of humanity that seems to
be able to control the rest of uh the
population.
Absolutely. I don't see it as left or
right. I am just addressing the
historical problem of entrenched elites
that become decadent and corrupt, then
start praying on the general population
and inevitably launch wars of conquest.
I'm really worried about the Russian
thing. That could really turn into a big
giant war. I
think so, too.
Yeah, it's really bad. So,
Jones doesn't just discuss the corrupt
elite, he snuck into the notorious
Northern California secret society, the
Bohemian Grove, in 2000. Members of the
society include a lot of America's
business elite and top policy decision
makers. Inside the Grove, Jones
witnessed a bizarre pagan scapegoating
midsummer ritual that to this day I have
no idea how to make sense of.
When you snuck into the Bohemian Grove,
you you looked at this uh crazy ritual
called the cremation of care.
The whole place and the whole vibe was
not Christian or not pious.
[Music]
It got dark. The guys go out there by
the little pond, the little lake, and
they do this composite pagan ritual. And
I'm standing there with about a thousand
men watching it across the pond. The men
had really crazy looks on their faces. I
would I would call it satanic. I mean,
they were just like,
I didn't really believe that they were
taking it serious until I was in the
crowd with the men and they were taking
this extremely seriously. So you think
they're going back to the pagan cult
ritual and it's not like like it's
framed at least online as a story where
they are celebrating the displacement of
the pagan ritual by Christianity. But
you would say that they were sort of
happily indulging in this kind of
age-old pagan ritual.
Yes. Because it was a it was a fusion of
Moolik worship uh you the bull out of
the Middle East.
Yeah.
Tire and places and then it was a fusion
of Foustian
occultism and druidic occultism.
Yeah. in a good society and we know this
historically that builds better
civilization and that's more empathetic
and loving adults sacrifice for children
not the other way around and in six
societies uh that was obviously I think
being influenced by these dark forces or
these entities
there there was the practice of
attacking our future and attacking our
civilization and attacking our children.
Your father was friends with people in
the John Burch society. Uh your mom was
interested in psychedelic research going
on kind of hate ashberry San Francisco
circles. You had an uncle who was doing
sort of clandestine stuff in South
America. So that did that make you aware
of this sort of strat of society that
might be pulling the strings more than
you thought previously?
Absolutely. I mean there was that
background in my family but it wasn't a
a huge background but I just got pieces
of that there and I was always really
interested in history. I was probably
like six seven years old and asked for
these.
Yeah.
And then my parents ordered them. Cool.
I would start reading the more simple
history stuff
cuz you can see how a kid would like
this
has a lot of writing also a lot of
pictures.
Uh and then I started reading scholarly
uh uh books on on ancient Rome and World
War I, World War II, just stuff like
that. Can you wear this out here?
Do you think anybody's ever planted
information with you so that people end
up throwing the baby out with the bath
water where you're directionally correct
on stuff and then you also say stuff
that is provably [__] because people
plant it with you?
I don't think I know I've been set up
and I've learned a lot. Yeah. But I
never really put out this dis this info
myself up front. Yeah. It was always
like, "Look, the New York Times and
Washington Post are all reporting on how
4chan says they're slaves in a pizza
place in DC." So then we go, "Is it
true?" And just look at the anomalies.
Then the media goes, "Jones made this
up." And Jo and I'm like, "Whoa, whoa,
whoa. You're the ones put it out." I go,
"Oh, I see what you did." And then when
I saw QAnon come along, I I was like, I
I said, "I've been set up repeatedly,
you know, by this stuff." And I said,
"I'm not being set up this time. This is
BS." And a lot of my listeners got mad
at me because they were buying into no,
Trump's invincible. He's secretly
telling me what to And I'm like, "No,
Trump isn't invincible and it's not and
QAnon's not real other than it's a
disinfo group doing this."
Do you switch genders for the day? What
would you do?
I'd be probably a pretty scary looking
woman. Well, I want to experience what
it's like. I guess I'd go out and be
bad. I don't know. I'd probably be an
ugly woman. Nobody want me.
A lot of society if if they get sort of
dissident around a particular idea, it
almost feels like the deep state is good
at harvesting specific people and then
almost having them be scapegoed. There's
this philosopher I like named Rene
Gerard. He has this theory that like
there are scapegoats that can sometimes
be constructed as like pressure valve
releases. Oh, there's no doubt that I
was used as the archetype of let's just
ban Alex Jones. And then they demonized
me and all this to kind of demonize the
populist arc type to steal my identity
and make this new Alex Jones. They could
use the beat over the head and take free
speech. But instead, that blew up and
actually brought us more people.
And the the real scary thing about you
cuz my first exposure to you was
watching Richard Linklad's waking life.
WE'RE GOING TO GET FIRED UP ABOUT THE
REAL THINGS, THE THINGS THAT MATTER.
CREATIVITY AND THE DYNAMIC HUMAN SPIRIT
THAT REFUSES to submit. And it's like
the best speech ever. It's like all
about like human empowerment.
That was one tag, too.
That's amazing.
He goes, "Well, that's it. I'm be here
all day. One tag. Thanks."
And that's at your core what you're
about. And you got moved into this role
of like tinfoil hatwearing crazy
conspiracy theorist.
That's what my buddy Anthony said last
night. He said, "You were a
philosopher." Yeah.
That got forced into politics. Yeah.
That's absolutely true. Yeah.
It's it's [__] up that uh you just get
co-oped. It's scary. You have your
Well, that's because because they take
you and build this new thing you're
really not
and then it makes you bigger. But then a
lot of people go, "Well, I'll be that
villain then."
And so I'm like, "No, no, how do I get
away from
Yeah. You lean in. You lean Yeah.
Like
who?
Cheryl Zach.
Like lean in like Cheryl Zamber.
Yeah. But they get they give you a
positive feedback loop for the dangerous
stuff.
And I want to say this right here. You
think you're a tough guy? Have me back
with a boxing ring in here and I'll wear
red, white, and blue, and you can wear
your Jolly Roger. And I do want to eat
lemons. I'll I'll I'll drink what you
I'll get you one right now. There we go.
That's a small lemon.
As big as my brain, right?
And I I didn't bring my bodyguard
because I was scared of you guys. He's
just bored at the place.
He's
Oh, you should be scared of me.
He's probably willing to pull out a
dagger.
What do you say to people who say you
speak too fast and loosely and and uh
you know, factchecking up like even even
when I know you've been friends with
Rogan for like 20 30 years. when you go
on his show and he's like, "Alex, you
need to have a fact checker next to
you." What do you What's your response
to that?
I mean, Joe and I the times been on a
show don't talk about what we're going
to talk about. Yeah.
But he's always got a plan.
And the truth is Joe knows all this
stuff as much as I do,
right?
And and I mean, it's not a secret. We
talk a lot.
Um and and he knows probably more than I
do.
Um he was just smarter about the way he
did everything to not get banned and all
that. So, we didn't press script
anything.
Yeah. He just knew basically everything
I was saying could be pulled up. So once
I got there, he told Jamie, "We're going
to fact check everything you did." They
they told me after he's like, "Hey,
watch it, buddy. We're going to check
what you're doing now." And then
meanwhile, we've already been talking
about all this stuff for months before.
Is it annoying to you that like even
good friend like anybody that shows up
in public with you has to like figure
out a way to artificially have some sort
of plausible deniability or or
That's why we're going to paint stones.
I mean, I was fine with it cuz cuz he's
smarter at
like we were talking about before the
show. What if you put some subliminal
codes or or things in the show and then
told people well then everybody would
actually be watching more intensely and
listening better because they're trying
to find the hidden messages. And that's
a smart thing Joe does is he'll have a
guest on and go really I didn't know
this. And of course he knows that and
he's not pre-talking to that person.
So he's playing 4D chess. it. Let me
tell you, everybody said Trump plays 40
chess, which he doesn't. Yeah.
I'm not against Trump. He's really smart
and nice in ways and, you know, bad
others like I am and everybody else. But
with Joe Rogan, it it's the real deal. I
mean, like, he's the smartest person I
know. I've known him 23, 24 years. I
know him well. We've traveled around,
partied forever. And uh, you know, and
Joe's always real nice and, real
friendly. Yeah. But, and but he's got
all his long-term plans and he's
thinking 20 steps ahead.
He's a wizard.
He definitely knows what he's doing.
What do you think about people trying to
take him out right now? obviously all
the, you know, Neil Young, Joanie
Mitchell stuff, and then and then after
that this this compilation of of him
saying the N-word.
Well, I I mean, I wish he still told all
those jokes because they were all
against racist, right?
And of course, they sniff him out and he
was making fun.
Yeah. 95% of them are him. He's quoting
a racist and he's he's saying that
they're like, "Fuck them."
It's totally dishonest. It's a bunch of
crap.
It's almost racist and condescending to
think anybody would fall for that
[__] If to think that somebody
would fall for the outof context gotcha
BS is racist.
Joe Rogan is one of the nicest, coolest,
humble [__] I've had the
pleasure of working with. [__] the
noise, man. You know what they're trying
to do. You can't control the man. And
he's got the biggest platform in the
world right now.
And the people trying to use that.
Yeah.
It It's all because they want to silence
him because he was for medical freedom.
And it's a cheap trick. And then it
lessens it lessens when real racists and
real groups do things that are bad.
Yeah. All of this racism crap is really
hurting everybody.
It is. And if if one of those NPC
automatons that cut together that video
just thought for like five minutes
critical thinking like is is he really
racist? Does he really, you know, uh uh
think bad things about about black
people or any other race? They'd be
like, "No, he doesn't. He's a really
good dude who who loves every bullshit."
And to answer your question, I should
have answered up front, but I was like
already thinking about what you were
saying and went to another point. Um,
let's just say this. It was so horrible
when they attack him. It was so horrible
for the subscriptions over at uh at at
Spotify. It's a terrible brier patch to
be thrown into. Yes, you guys are really
getting him. And Dave Chappelle waiting
in in the cancel culture. Oh, Dave
Chappelle never sold out in bigger
arenas. I mean, we've reached the point
where cancel culture, if you can
survive, it makes you bigger on the
other side.
It makes you antifragile.
If you don't apologize, if you
apologize, you fall.
But Rogan apologized.
My sincere and humble apologies. I wish
there was more that I could say, but all
of this is just me talking from the
bottom of my heart. It makes me sick
watching that video.
I mean, I feel the strength is to not
apologize. If you apologize, it's an
admission of guilt.
Well, yeah. But see, if you listen to
how Joe apologized and I totally agree
with you. I told him not to apologize
and he still did it. He said, "Listen, I
don't give a [__] We're sitting there,
you know, talking at dinner just like a
month ago." He goes, like Dave
Chappelle's text messaging him and [__]
and saying, "Hey, great job." Whatever.
Actually, that didn't happen. Anyways,
the point is we're sitting there talking
and I said, "Don't apologize." And he
said, you know, "No, no, I'm going to
apologize. I don't give a [__] about the
corporations trying to silence me and
and all these censors." She goes, "When
the media puts that out, it will hurt
some people's feelings really believing
I don't like them because they're black
people or I use that term and and and
you know, didn't care about their
feelings. I if I hurt somebody's
feelings and and if they took that
wrong, I apologize." He says, "I'm going
to apologize to those people that see
the compilation. The way it's edited
looks horrible and and now I've been
used for something hurtful." And he
never really gave his full description
anywhere. A couple days later, he did a
comedy set and said some of it and
Variety picked it up. Got good quotes
and those quotes he told me at dinner
were basically some of the same quotes
but he elaborated and said I'm doing it
for people that actually were hurt by it
but I but I agree if you just try to
apologize the system so they leave you
alone that gives them more power but so
that's like Joe's nuance way of doing it
well think about Bill Hicks like Bill
Hicks just got up on stage was like if
you work in advertising kill yourself
if anyone here is in advertising or
marketing kill yourself
can you imagine him apologizing he
wouldn't that was the old days of humor
humor used to be sardonic you know Like
it was a cultural commentary. Bill stood
up on stage like, "If you work in
advertising, kill yourself." I'm not
even kidding.
There's no joke here whatsoever.
Suck a tailpipe. [__] hang yourself.
Borrow a gun from a Yank friend. I don't
care how you do it.
Well, that's a conspiracy theory I'm
sick of.
What?
That I'm Bill Hicks.
That you are Bill Hicks.
You haven't seen this?
No.
Oh my god.
People think you are Bill.
You walk me in restaurants and I mean
and say, "Bill, Bill, Bill."
No way.
What?
It's bizarre. But you don't even look
alike.
Believe me, I know. I look like Sam
Kisonson now.
It's weirdly a compliment.
I have such a crush on Bill Hicks. Does
that mean I have a crush on you?
You're a very lovely lady.
He's so hot. Yeah, he's so cool.
I'll leave.
No, no, no, no. I was one year out of
high school when Bill Hicks died.
Interesting.
And then people saw me like in 95
started on Access TV and then suddenly
get a radio show. uh they do these
facial things where they compare and of
course I I look like I look 95% like him
but guys with Welsh last names look kind
of alike but so it's just crazy. Oh,
that that is a theory I've never heard
that you are Bill Hicks.
Put in all the shows Bill Hicks and
you'll see it.
That's insane. And to to your point
earlier, if you don't give a [__] about
all the bad press and you realize it's
just a bunch of like dumb kind of smug
middlewits who aren't actually they
they're not actually engaging
substantively with the content. There is
this crazy arbitrage opportunity today
where if you if you really don't care
like you, Kanye, Trump, Jake Paul, Elon
Musk, I'm thinking of people Dave
Portoi, people who like they just stop
giving a [__] There's something. It's
like an uber menchy niche quality.
I mean, I think definitely you can say
whatever you want about Elon Musk, but
people can say, "Oh, he was hype early
on or something." Well, I mean, the
proof's in the final pudding. I mean,
he's the only one to get heavy lifters
in the space, bigger than the Russians,
and everything he's done turned to gold,
and he survived a bunch of stuff. If
anybody's the Uber mentioned, it's Elon
Musk.
And if you're if you're walking around
like everybody else, self censoring
because you feel like social media won't
allow you to say anything and you're
repressed. You look at somebody like
that and you're like, that's a that's a
free person. And you you live
vicariously through them. You're super
even the people that hate Trump, there's
something that they're like wildly
attracted to him. Well, that's why they
hate him is they're attracted to the big
peacock.
Yeah.
And and the confidence and I mean, let's
face it, he did turn the economy around.
He did make us the biggest energy
producer. He did incredibly good things.
I think his mistake was he started
responding to the Russia, he was a
Russian agent lie and then made
everything about that instead of just
ignoring it, moving forward. I mean, his
biggest failure was not standing up to
cancel culture and not trying to stop
the censorship. Uh, and so I still like
Trump. I still support him in many ways,
but uh you know when he was launching
his own social networks,
they were openly saying, "Oh, we don't
want to work with this group or that
group because they won't censor people
we want."
And you don't just censor dumbass Nazi,
you know, incel dudes that everybody's
making fun of. Just let them sit there
and spout their [__] That's how the
open free internet was to like five, six
years ago.
Yeah. You beat you beat shitty ideas
with better ideas.
Yeah. You know,
it's it it shows and it on the part of
the censorer, it shows insecurity that
those ideas might actually be true. You
just let them go out. Let them die on
their own merit. And here's how the real
alchemy worked. They couldn't handle
real libertarian or real anarchist type
ideas or real populist ideas that was
beating the globalist corrupt leftist
Silicon Valley model. And so they went,
"Oh, we're going to make the internet
safe from Nazis and these people." But
really, it was about getting rid of
their competition whose ideas were so
popular they couldn't compete with them.
Yeah.
Uh so no, I mean the establishment's not
competing with a failed weird
nationalist socialist, you know, group
from the 1930s. Uh no, no, they're
competing with new ideas at new
companies. And you see that even when
companies aren't political and they
start rivaling the establishment, they
either get forced to be bought out or
they get called racist and canceled. And
that's why Joe Rogan's so important is
that he did the judo of, you know,
behind the scenes YouTube trying to
censor him, trying to co-op him, trying
to control him, and then he just goes
and does a deal with Spotify where if
they're chickens and they don't support
him, he's going to start his own thing,
his own mothership.
You heard it here first. Uh, and
he he could do it more than anyone. If I
I always think the the the single person
social media stuff doesn't really work.
Like, I don't know if Truth Social is
going to work, but Rogan might be able
to do it. He might be the one person
Well, you can you could probably do it,
too. I mean, you are you are doing it.
No, but I've got they can still take
things what I did out of context,
misrepresent them and and try to shut me
down. Joe's the perfect guy.
And I mean, I don't think it's a secret.
Oh, nobody's ever really talked about
it. Uh that u if he gets censored at
Spotify or wherever, you know, Joe Joe
even CNN gets They're like, "Well, if
they tag him on Spotify, he'll just do
his own thing." Yeah.
And Yeah. CNN, what are you tapping his
phones? Because he's already got the
infrastructure, everything set up. Cool.
It's all ready to go and it won't be
just Joe Rogan.
It'll be hundreds of badasses
all in one place and and it's all
forbidden and it's all what you're not
supposed to have
and it's going to be the Wild Wall West
the next level.
He's one of the few dudes where like I
would hitch myself to that. I' I'd work
under his thing.
Well, because he would absolutely as
long as I'm doing something criminal or
or or doing something that hurts people,
you know, the oldfashioned internet back
where Okay.
Would you join him?
Abs. Are you kidding?
Yeah. Right. Hell, I mean, I'm not I
mean, let me just tell you
I'm I'm kind of sad Spotify didn't
censor Joe. Uh cuz uh cuz I'd want to
see
accelerationism. You wanted the
accelerationism of the censorship. So,
he does his own thing.
Yeah. I mean, not literally, but but but
but then he goes into the real radical
plan, which which they all know. I mean,
believe me, if if his and iPhones are
tapped, they know. And I've talked about
stuff with Joe, then a week later it's
on CNN. Those guys are spying on people,
man. That's why it's just good to have
these things out in the open. They're
not going to stop the Renaissance and
the globalist trying to control the
Renaissance to control ideas the new
Renaissance uh or or the new medieval
period you're talking about came before
the Renaissance. But um were you
actually saying you don't like the
Renaissance? You're talking about how
great the medieval period was.
I like the medieval period. I'm I'm not
a super pro in life.
I'm going to get a book that well you
guys keep talking that's relevant to
this. This is a book called by Ombberto
Ekko who's this medieval historian this
Italian polymath who died recently and
uh it's called travels in hyper reality
and it looks like there's some UFO like
thing on the on the cover and he writes
a lot about ancient medieval secret
societies and he talks about how uh
medieval times are very similar to the
current times. So modernity is very
similar to medieval times.
[Applause]
When was the last time you cried?
Wow. Um,
a couple days ago.
I was digging through a bunch of old
photos and was going through a bunch of
pictures of my grandparents and my
grandmother died a few years ago and I
got a little tea.
Have you ever posted something on social
media that you regret?
Yeah. Even though I and I'm now banned
from social media, I would post jokes on
social media and then they would say
they were serious. So, we were like at a
little Russian restaurant as a joke, me
and some of the crew where we then like
banged our banged our fist and like I
looked up some Russian words and said
like, you know, hail Putin as a joke
four years ago. They they now put that
on TV and go, "Look, here he is, you
know, fur hats and everything making a
joke." So, I I've learned that the left,
at least some of their viewers, actually
are dumber than I thought they were. And
they don't get satire.
Yeah. Yeah.
No. That's why they didn't get Trump cuz
he was like a postmodern performance
artist in many ways. And people like who
I used to like grow I used to like John
Stewart grow I interned for John Stewart
growing up. I and and Co Bear and all
these people who I thought were pretty
funny and good. And I remember when Co
Bear did the White House press
correspondents dinner and he's like
making fun of Bush and I was this is
awesome. He believes the same thing
Wednesday that he believed on Monday, no
matter what happened Tuesday.
And then all of a sudden, Trump comes up
and they just didn't get Trump because
he was he Yeah, of course. He's sort of
a joke of a person in in some ways.
He's too free,
but he's he was super free. Exactly. And
it triggered them and then they became
They're all controlled. They're giving
talking points. They don't deviate.
Here's Trump doing whatever the hell he
wants. The whole bureaucracy said, "No,
I'll tell you who's gotten better is
Bill Maher."
like, "Hey, we're not against
transgender rights, but is right. We
don't need the school talking to
seven-year-old boys and tell them he
might be a girl.
I'm not transphobic if I merely disagree
with you."
Who would have thought that you and
Glenn Greenwald and and Oliver Stone and
Tucker Carlson all sound more similar
than I would have ever guessed? like it
feels like the neocon neoliberal center
is the thing that's kind of imploding
and and losing everybody's trust and was
the reigning regime for so long and now
you have the the ends the
anti-establishment ends on both sides
the right and the left sounding a a lot
more similar
there's a loss of legitimacy in the
power structure
and instead of the power structure
reforming itself it's getting more
authoritarian in a thought paradigm
there is a left and right but I think
now with this complex world and all
these issues there's no left or right
anymore or there's only are you
prohuman, are you anti-human, are you
for transparency and freedom and
justice, or are you for tyranny?
The left right thing is it's
inacronistic. It's like a stupid like
boomer frame from the 1968 or something.
I'm actually very excited by Gen Z.
Mario, our videographer, he's Gen Z and
he was really pumped to meet you.
I'm pumped to meet him when he came to
Austin.
We did some shooting together, too.
Got his mask on, so he's safe.
One of the reasons why I'm excited by
Gen Z as well is that like they grew up
on the internet. They didn't follow like
the news so much and like crypto is so
exciting for me because it just bypasses
like a much of the traditional
hierarchy.
No, you're right. The old corporate news
to them is like some alien transmission.
It's like what is that? It's like a
thing. They don't even like they're not
even they're not even being engaged by
it. But the boomers watch CNN, they
think that's like God.
They do. It's crazy. It's so annoying.
When I I speak to my parents about it,
they're like, "This article says this."
I'm like, "But they're so wrong. every
step of the way. There's no critical
thinking.
Yeah. Like one of my lawyers is a really
good guy, but his wife watches CNN.
She's like, "How do you represent that
devil, right?"
And like he's like, "Honey, I rep" None
of that's true.
Wolf Blitzer says it's like, you know,
like, do you know how much Wolf Blitzer
tells you the truth and so does Google.
If the news is fake, imagine history.
That's a good meme.
If the news is fake, imagine history. I
love that.
That's cool. Tattoo, too. Little angels.
Oh, it's actually Cupid and Psyche. is
William Burro's painting. Who is the
sexiest person in this room?
I would say you are.
Okay, great. I just wanted to unfilm.
Okay. If you if you were stranded on a
desert island, who would you want to be
stranded with?
Uh my wife. Not her.
How do we make men men again?
Well, tell me what's happened to the
real.
You don't own me.
You talking to me? The old fashioned
Hollywood cowboy.
I'm a slob compared to say my
grandfathers and how hard they worked.
And so it's not just that men aren't
masculine and women aren't feminine on
average anymore. It's there is a basic
decadence that's come with all of our
prosperity. So really it just goes back
to that cycle of death and rebirth that
that that civilizations go through.
We've all seen the meme about hard times
make strong men and strong men uh make
good times and good times make weak men
and then weak men create bad times.
Here's an argument that I have. I think
the biggest thing you could do for
American self-efficacy is actually
reduce the ease of liability laws
because everywhere you go in America,
you're reminded of the risks. If you
made it less easy for people to sue, it
would reduce people hearing about risks
all the time which make them more like
have higher self-efficacy. If you're in
a defense state, if you think
everything's bad, you're not going to
like go out and do you're not going to
be a great man, you know?
Oh, exactly. The insurance companies and
the lawyers are ruining the world. Yeah.
The answer to make humans more powerful
is to bring more controlled risk in to
train people to navigate and deal with
risk. Like one of the best things left
is driving cars 80 miles an hour and the
danger and the reality and red lights
and people and and that's like a super
exciting thing going on. They want to
make it driverless where you just sit
there going and and it's like, you know,
look, look, calculators are great, but
before I even used them, I was good at
math and and before iPhones came out, I
could know 50 people's numbers, 100. Now
I know my own number. So
on that,
I don't I think I do barely. But the
point is the point is is that
you shot your shot.
We got to find how we don't let the
technology enslave us.
Yeah.
I think that's the whole future is how
do you use technology to empower
yourself and others and not have it
enslave Well, it feels like we need to
differentiate between like software is
like eating our brains and we need to
differentiate between tech where humans
are in the cockpit and and controlling
it and it's human enhance. You think
about a spear or a plane. It it's human
enhancement. It's an
extension. It's an extension of us.
Yeah. But my my favorite Marshall
McLuhan quote is every media extension
of man is an amputation. And if you
think about social media and you think
about most it, most software, it's
literally like severing your outsourcing
your sense of direction with Google
Maps, you're outsourcing, you know, your
uh your recall.
Like I used to when I was even a
teenager that I would get a map out
and I would look at it and figure it out
and then I wouldn't even take the map. I
would just say turn here, turn there,
write it down and I could be going 1,000
miles or 20 and then I would just go.
And then also you tell girls, hey, we'll
meet at the movie theater. We'll meet
here. We'll meet at the lake. And then
it was like you never know who's going
to be there, then they're there.
Instead, you're like texting them the
whole time. You got to be there. It's
like horrible.
Well, we well reality is like way cooler
AI than whatever shitty compressed, you
know, software AI we're looking at. And
there's there's synchronicities and
serendipity and who knows whether the
UFO stuff is real. I I tend to think it
is. If that's true, reality is way
weirder than we think it is. And we
should explore this. We we don't
understand human biology. We should
explore that.
Certainly the roll out of not going to
the metaverse.
Exactly. It's meant to be Oh, god. The
metaverse is the most predatory thing in
No, no, flip it. Flip it. The metaverse
is the best thing in the world.
I love Mark Zuckerberg. I want to I
agree with him when he said two weeks
ago, we'll all soon be living in the
metaverse and not I like that. That
sounds like a wonderful place that he
runs. Doesn't sound like hell at all.
That reminds me of a clip in Alex's War,
this amazing documentary about you where
it's before you're walking into the
Bohemian Grove and you and your producer
at the time are like practicing trying
to sound like Bohemian Grove.
Yeah, nanotechnology. It's my favorite
quote of yours ever. You're like
pretending to be an elitist globalist
and you're just like, "Oh, like nano
technology blah blah blah." I was like,
"You were so ahead of the time." Like
that's literally everyone right now, but
you said that 15 years.
Yeah. You were basically saying that
Moore's law is like an S-curve and it's
slowing down. like that the amount of
transistors on a semiconductor is
slowing down. But and what are we going
to do when we reach that limit?
What's going to happen with brain
computer interfaces?
Yeah.
Everything.
But you think Elon Musk is an uber
mench, but he believes in that stuff.
Yeah. Yeah. It's not good.
Well, that's an Uber Mench. I don't mean
like like he's God or whatever. I'm just
saying
and if you look at somebody who's like
the archetype of innovating and taking
stuff over and doing it all and not the
stagnant elite, that would be it. So of
course he wants to dominate this and
dominate that. Dominate everything
because that's like a full spectrum
dominance.
But if you the whole if you can't beat
him, join him AI narrative.
Well, that's it.
That's bad. That's not good.
No, I totally I totally agree with you
that
I'm saying if if adults want to go put
wires in their heads and chips, they
should do it. But it shouldn't be pushed
on children. It shouldn't be out there.
All I know is if you want to take
somebody that's like a Henry Ford type
innovator,
you have to say, you know, it's him.
It's awesome. He's I'm grateful he
exists. I think he's an incredible
person.
And he's getting better and better. like
you shouldn't be made to take shots a
year and a half ago when it was first
starting, not now. And you know, just a
lot of stuff that like he was the
biggest guy standing up. So he went from
kind of in my calculus to 60% good, 40%
bad to about 80% good, 20% bad. So I
really am a big fan of the Russian he's
going
feels like he saw Trump cuz he made a
shift I think in 2016 and I feel like he
saw what Trump was doing and it was this
weird thing where he took up a lot of
those tactics and now you could say I
mean he's the best industrialist in the
world but he's also the best marketer.
like his memes and his ability to use it
all. The second to none.
He's got it all.
Yeah, it's it's freaky.
What is your worst habit?
Eating too much food and being a lazy
ass.
That's fair.
Yeah.
If you could only hear one song for the
rest of your life, what would it be?
Cold man. I mean, I love everything from
like Karina Barana to uh Stairway to
Heaven to to Along the Watchtower
uh to Stephen Wolf. Um I would have to
say the companion of all the songs
together. I'll be the new conductor and
I I put them all back to back trillions
of songs and I can decide what I want to
listen to.
[Music]
I had dreams particularly when I was
young but still happen sometimes where I
sometimes it would be the most innocuous
thing it would be an intense thing I
mean I said they're going to blow up the
World Trade Center and blame it on Bin
Laden in July
and there's a famous on air call you
have with Joe Rogan where you're like
I've been talking about this for the
last 6 months
Joe you know I was predicting this
telling you all about it
well you know you do predict that the
government is doing these things but I
mean uh you don't believe that there's
people in other countries that hate
And you you have this thing in your mind
that there's a grand scheme and a grand
plan. What do you think they're trying
to accomplish with
Why did Hitler burn the rice tag?
He's been elected chancellor. He wanted
to abolish the presidency and become
fur.
We know the government's planning
terrorism. We know Oklahoma City was
terrorism. We know the joint chiefs of
staff wanted to blow up airliners. If
you do it, we're going to blame you
because we know who's up to it. Or if
you let some terrorist group it like the
World Trade Center, we know who to
blame. That was because I would have
only a couple times I had that dream,
but I would wake up sweating and usually
throw up and it's like you've gone to
the future. Yeah.
And somewhere in your mind you've like
fold space or something. Yeah.
And and but but I can't control it.
Unless we do bring these chemicals under
better control. We are certainly headed
for disaster.
You've had a history of doom. you had
like, you know, Rachel Carson Silent
Spring and all everybody in the 70s was
saying the world was about to end and it
was going to end in, you know, 30-year
time horizon or whatever and obviously
didn't come to roost. And so it feels
like every generation has this sort of
doomsday or and it is it's interesting
as a noble lie. You think of
environmentalists and they're sort of in
some ways they're really anti-humanism.
like they're antihuman output in this
really sort of uh uh repressive uh uh
kind of way. And so as a follow-up to
that question, do you believe in sort of
mind over matter effects? Do you believe
in parasychology, the the the ability
for the mind to
Well, we know in thousands of repeated
tests that there is quantum physics
going on and that when you observe
something, it has a different effect
than when you're not observing it.
Yeah.
And then so they're wondering why is our
observation of something fundamentally
changing it? And if that's the case, and
yeah, you have exactly the double slit
experiment. You get basically a a wave
interference pattern if you don't
observe it. Then if you observe it, it
goes through one of the the slits. So
basically, you have a wave function
which is probabilistic in nature. And
then a human observer, if they're
present, they collapse that wave
function into a specific state, which
somebody like Roger Penrose would say
basically means that there's a quantum
sensor in the human brain, which I think
is really interesting. turns quantum
reality into classical reality which is
what we're viewing. And so the the the
the actual sub architecture of reality
is something that's probabilistic and
and uh
reality is manifesting the way our brain
decodes it. And so our brain basically
can't you let us see the fact that
actually this is not the real nature of
reality.
Yes. And then if your mind has this
crazy disproportionate impact on uh sort
of material and uh we don't live in this
kind of cartisian dualist universe where
your mind is just physics like there's
something sort of very special about the
human mind then uh you have a
disproportionate impact on your you know
the material substrate and belief is a
confounding variable in every experiment
and then you project onto that and then
the architecture is built according to
this basic level programming but we all
have connections that we can open up to
larger more complex systems.
Yes.
But it's hard to experience uh for most
people.
And all all data that we have is
basically there's the experimenttor has
an impact on on the data that you
collect from any experiment. Exactly.
And so it's all somewhat skewed based on
some top- down ideology which if is a
completely heretical thing to say. We're
supposed to have this kind of objective
scientific layer where science
say the science is settled but in real
science it's never settled and we're
always learning more and then a lot of
times it's not that something previous
was disproven. It just turns out that it
was just a small part of something
bigger and then we find something bigger
and something bigger and something more
complex.
We know so little about physics I mean
something that blows people's minds
especially normal people's minds that
all observable reality is like 5% of
like the of like matter right absolutely
and like 95% is something that we claim
to be dark energy and dark matter. Like
what the what is that?
How would you rate your looks on a scale
of 1 to 10?
Uh 25 years ago a 10. Right now about a
four. I'm about to go on a huge deal.
I'm going to lose 100 pounds or I'm
going to I love it.
How are you going to do it?
I'm just going to work out twice a day
and stop eating a bunch of [__] and stop
drinking and and I can stop drinking. I
do that pretty easy.
It's important too, man, for the content
that you put out. Being in a good place
physically is really important.
Yeah, absolutely. Because I' i've
definitely I'll let the stress get to
me. So, I'm trying to trick my mind to
to do what I can do but not care as much
cuz I really get upset by the stuff and
then it release releases a lot of
cortisol.
WHAT IS MY PROBLEM?
YEAH.
SO, YEAH,
that's bad.
Alex, do you believe in therapy or do
you think it's [__]
I think if it's the right person and
you've got real goals
Yeah.
they can help you. I think most of it's
[__]
Yep.
I agree with what everything you just
said.
What's your biggest insecurity?
Oh god. Uh just that I'm not that I'm
being lazy and and not really working
out my ideas and doing a better job
presenting them and that I've got really
important work to do.
Alex, what's your favorite conspiracy
that you think most people are off on
that your highest conviction in? I mean,
I think modern science tries to
compartmentalize things and and always
say that they've got the the facts and
it's all decided, but real science is
always asking questions. Also, with the
old alchemist, they were trying to
figure things out in the natural world,
but also adding, you know, wonder to it
or or the idea of magic,
meaning things we haven't broken through
to yet, but we know are there. Things we
haven't cataloged yet, but we know are
real. And so you have to go into it with
that wonderment and knowing magic could
happen because as you're discovering the
new keys to another level of the
universe, you need to have that sense of
openness for it to happen.
Yeah.
We overindex on the scientific method
when we turn natural philosophy into
science. Science is an industry. Before
it was natural philosophy. And then we
got the scientific method. If it doesn't
fit in the scientific method, it's not
real.
Exactly. Yeah. But Francis Bacon, you
have to go into every experiment with a
priorized skepticism which literally
affects the experiment.
Yes. And if parasychology is true, then
belief in the positive or negative sense
will actually affect the results of the
experiment. And so, yeah, it's a super
profound thing that we're missing.
Gentlemen, the experiment is a success.
We know science is [__] cuz imagine
like Galileo couldn't be peer-
reviewviewed. That's
right.
Right. Like, you can't peer review
actual innovation. We need
epistemological anarchism. Like, science
was anarchy until the 20th century.
And and it was always anarchy. It was
always alchemy and and like capernicus
and all of them getting locked up and
stuff. They said the planets were, you
know, round and they were orbiting and
the earth was not the center of the
universe.
Yeah. You look at Francis Bacon and he
was super into alchemy and, you know, he
wrote a book called New Atlantis and
Newton was an alchemist as well. So you
have all these early enlightenment
thinkers and then you you get this
progressive bifurcation of science and
the spirit where all of those guys were
polymass. They were doing all sorts of
weird [__] as well as science and that
wasn't considered heretical. That was
sort of part of the plot. And now you
have these sort of middle-wit scientists
who claim that they know the truth.
They're super anti pseudocience or
alchemy or all these other. You have
Michael Shurmer and all these skeptics
sort of saying, you know, it's all
pseudocience. Um, and then you have sort
of really woowoo people who are like all
about manifestation, mind over matter.
But it's a sad bifurcation because we
can't make progress. You you want those.
You want polymaths. You want people who
have both.
[Music]
Well, there's studies that show prayer
for things is a lot better than drugs.
Ex. And placebo is a dirty word, but it
works. People say, "Oh, no, that was
placebo." And then you're admitting that
belief affects whatever control group
because they believe they like took the
pill.
Absolutely. But and when she talked
about dark matter when you brought up
the observer effect in those studies I
was thinking what's the term I want to
bring up what's the point I want to make
and it was dark matter and then she
brought it up and obviously all the
different ancients particularly the
Egyptians and others said that there was
this outside power holding everything
together and and and we were only a
manifestation of that. uh the uh Mayans
thought that the ancient you every major
ancient culture thought that
and then with the equations of Einstein
and Max Blank and others yeah they said
clearly there's something four or five
times more powerful holding this all
together and now with all these complex
systems and and radio telescopes and
spectrometers supercomputers all these
different devices they have been you
know proven as you know in the last 30
years that that this dark matter is
there many times more powerful than than
the dimension we see holding it all
together forcing it so is that
simulation or is that all our group
collective that is actually manifesting
all of this as a like a giant art
project we're doing or something? I
mean, maybe we're like another species
having a hallucination or something else
and and then it's manifesting all this.
May I ask, who are you? Are you the Lord
Buddha?
Careful.
If you could be reincarnated into
anyone's body, what would you want to
become?
Pamelar Anderson.
Mike Tyson.
I love you both. We picked the extreme
female and extreme masculine.
What have you fused Pamela Anderson as a
clone hybrid with Mike Tyson? I mean,
for me, it's like they're doing human
animal cloning. Yeah.
They've been doing it forever. It was in
the medical literature 25 years ago.
People like, "How did Jones know they're
splicing humans with animals?" Because
it's been in mainline medical literature
for decades. And all I'm saying is we
should have a debate about it.
There's an early 20th century
evolutionary thinker, Richard Goldmitt,
and he had this idea of hopeful
monsters. And he would breed between
species. So you create something like a
liger.
It's like a lion and a tiger mixed,
right? And like 90% of these things die,
but every once in a while you get one
that feeds on some niche of resources
that you know uh uh others cannot and
then they they sort of move on. That's
how you get these kind of punctuated
equilibria stepwise.
You talk about accelerating evolution.
There's always the argument they say
it's billions of years, but really now
they know there's these jumps.
Well, I mean that I think about that all
the time. Human homo sapiens have been
around for 100,000 years. And just in
the last 10,000 years, we've gotten, you
know, culture and history and
agriculture. And it happened to me in
this crazy quick point, you know, and so
to me, I think there's some more to that
story.
[Music]
I mean, if you read the books of Francis
Golton and then the Huxleys and the
Wedgwoods and all them and how they had
those weird interbreeding programs.
Yeah. And how they believe they were
going to develop the Superman out of it
and they developed the projection of
computers
and the projection of all the different
biometrics and all these sciences 150
160 170 years ago that that that they
just theoretically talked about that
then the scientists were able to take
and build and do. And then that's how in
1931 you could have u Aldis Huxley whose
brother went on to be the top you know
transhumanist and all that the founder
of all that
Julian Huxley.
Yeah. Julian Huxley saying in a 61
speech in a brave new world revisited.
No we wrote this book in 31 because he
wrote you know some of his brother's
help.
He gave a speech I guess here at
Berkeley. He said we wrote all this in
31 because this is what we were planning
and what have been developed over the
last 60 70 years by our families. It's
where we thought humanity was going. And
it's not going to be a 1984 future.
That's going to fall away. It's going to
be, you know, a chemical system of of of
of and and biological control and
genetic engineering. And he said, "Then
that's your choice whether you want to
be under that or not, but that's where
we see things going." And so that's pure
just absolute brainstorming by these few
families. And then they basically
projected what has become the whole
modern world.
That's pretty powerful.
Yeah. Feel it feels like they did. And
they I mean uh you read like perennial
philosophy by Huxley he he was pretty
trippy. He actually he right before he
died he took a massive amount of LSD and
was very interested in esotericism and
he also was a big fan of William James'
transmission theory of consciousness
that the brain was actually a receptor
for some sort of higher consciousness.
It wasn't didn't produce consciousness.
It was an antenna.
There are two kinds of functions. There
is the productive function where we say
that mind is actually produced by some
kind of material activity. But there is
also what he calls the transmissive
function that matter and especially the
central nervous system is the organ the
reducing valve through which a
previously existing
mind stuff passes into the material
world.
when we know electrochemically the DNA
is doing that now and I totally believe
in that and and that's why a lot of
tribes and groups would like not not
would like activate epigenetics by like
you know the you know the the head
leaders dying and you see it in books
like Dune and stuff because Frank
Herbert didn't invent invent that he was
just picking that up in culture and
anthropology and then like you go in and
get the chief and the chief like helps
transmit the knowledge to you. Yes. And
then however you see that it's basically
activating it there through the ritual
because it was already there or through
the six sense it's actually giving you a
download upon death. Been around anybody
that's been around and is dying and if
they got time a few days while they're
dying they start telling you everything
but also the energy is not just them
talking to you. It's like you're picking
up a bunch of stuff and then you have a
lot of intense stuff after it happens.
Well the mystery rituals are all
simulating death. So every initiation
right in every culture you're s you're
simulating killing the physical body
which means the sensory organs are
actually communion, you're eating and
drinking Christ's blood.
Exactly. And and the sensory organs are
reductive on a default state of greater
omniscience, which is like
you're all in a church
eating the body of Christ, drinking the
blood of Christ, all having communion,
becoming one, and you're all
broadcasting.
Yeah. And and maybe, you know, those
things were literally psychedelics in
the past. They probably were. I mean
there's a guy named John Allegro that
thought that the Eucharist was actually
you know the flesh of Christ was
actually the Amanita mascaria mushroom.
I don't know if that specifically is
true, but these things
well definitely all those cultures were
were were pharmarmacia were taking that
stuff
probably and with most religious stuff
you'd have the outer group that wasn't
taking the hallucinagens of the of the
of the of the high priest or the or the
witch doctor or the shaman but then yeah
that's going on
yeah William James divides religion into
prophets who have like direct downloads
and then people who experience garden
variety religion which is they are
transmitted the noble mythology but it's
in a way to sort of control them. They
show up to church, whatever. But, uh,
you know, they they're not getting the
direct downloads. And maybe it's weird
if everybody does get the direct
downloads. Maybe that's the apocalypse,
but maybe we're headed in that
direction. It's like the boomers, they
got too many downloads too quickly and
it it it wasn't in step with like real
personal progress. Like they would take,
you know, crazy doses of of like Timothy
Liry, who might have been a deep state
construct himself, sort of promoted the
taking of these like doses that were way
out of whack of all these things. You
get way too many downloads. You don't do
the requisite kind of personal work.
And then you get the message from the
elves. Kill yourselves. There's too many
people. Murder yourselves. That's when
you you get in the dark side. That's
what's happening. And just like King
Solomon, who was the wisest man that
ever lived, but you don't even really
know if God liked him. Whereas King
David was a man after God's own heart.
You know, the son goes way further than
the father, but then goes into so many
dark areas and does so many things. When
you stare into the abyss, as Nichi said,
you you basically change. So I think
that's that's where a lot of that comes
from.
Yeah. But I also think that people just
don't want people to be like the elites
don't want people to be too powerful. If
we actually believed in power of
psychology and the power of belief, it
would mean that we were unrulable. You
can't rule great people if they have all
their skills.
Yeah. It's super libertarian. All of a
sudden you can you can see into them,
they can see into you. But it's it's
it's birectional.
Great men can't be ruled.
Oh, absolutely. But that's I mean you
just said it. But because we're all
connected, when they try to dumb us
down, they're hurting themselves. M
and so I think that's really the the the
process of the real alchemy you keep
seeing in the Bible is is the separation
of you know the good metal from the
garbage or the wheat from the chaff, you
know, the goats from the sheep. I think
that's what's going to happen. It feels
like very broadly and crudely speaking,
it's a war between human consciousness
and Borgl like uh metaverse
consciousness and and those two things
are going to come to a front and you'll
end up with certain people kind of in
the fetal position in some sort of
nutrient soup hooked up to the Borg, you
know, getting getting the, you know,
state propaganda downloads and then
you'll end up with these other people
with very expanded parasychological
minds and and you'll see this
bifurcation, maybe even speciation of of
mankind. Right.
I totally agree and that's already
happening and it's it's scary. It's
lowering everything and you know people
on their phones and watching TV all day
and being part of the system. It it's
killing them.
Yeah.
Tell us about your first kiss.
Uh oh my god. I mean I day one all the
other boys like girls are gross. I'm
like no they're not. I was kissing I was
kissing girls in kindergarten.
So I was always like oh you're so nice
so pretty. So I mean I was never uh
ve very young,
early bloomer.
Yeah. I mean I mean I didn't have some
sexual desire for my mother, but when I
look at her very beautiful blonde, you
know, red lipstick, you very beautiful
woman. I was like I was like, "Mommy, I
that looks really good. I like that."
I would never say it if it wasn't true.
What What should we do in terms of the
rock? Like just free form.
I'm going to paint a blue sky.
Yeah.
Whatever you feel.
Alex can do a Freudian homage to his
mother.
Yeah. That'll that'll edifice complex.
Edipal.
I'm painting myself.
You're painting yourself. Wow. Look at
that.
That's a great Yeah.
Selfrust me.
Actually, my favorite entrepreneur is
the guy who made pet rocks.
Really?
It's like Dani water is just like tap
water. I love that [__] It's just like
fake.
Just just literally repurposing rocks.
Yeah. He just like rocks and like put
them in a box. He's like these are pet
rocks and they're a toy now.
That's a good supply chain right there.
I know. I know. What do you think about
the supply chain? Are we [__]
Yeah, it's it's a purposeful reset. So,
it's a real deal. Corporations want to
make everybody poor.
Yeah.
They control them. At least they got a
consensus. I mean, they're all doing it.
That mean families around it.
So, you think that we're living in a
world, Alex, of kind of manufactured
scarcity that
Yes. In the name and they're always
telling us, you know, in the name that
it's artificial so they can selectively
jack up prices and stop innovation. And
then there's some like layer of elites
that live with endless resources where
we play these little local game. We're
on these little treadmills and
Yeah, exactly. But there's some argument
that, you know, well, cut the resources
so we're not as lazy or whatever. But
the point is is that that group never is
austere themselves.
So you can't have people that all the
money telling us we got to be austere,
but then they're not.
Who would you hate to see naked?
Probably myself. No. Uh, I would hate to
see Bill Gates naked.
I knew you were going to say that
somehow. Yeah. Yeah, it was good. Who
would you like to see?
Image.
Uh, I mean, I'm married, so but I
always, you know, I like to see lovely
ladies naked.
That's fair. Means you're a man.
Yeah.
If you could suddenly become invisible,
what would you do?
Wow.
Oh, that's a great question. I should be
asking you these questions. In fact, in
a minute, I'm going to go through them
with you.
Okay, cool. We can do it. Uh, cuz I need
you need to talk. You're much more
interesting. That voice is be great for
voiceovers.
I know. It would be. In fact, I'm going
to hire you for voiceovers.
I will I will intro you whenever you
want.
I need it.
The English The English voice is very
strong. Everyone gives me 10 more IQ
points, which I love.
No, no, but there's all different types
of English or British accents. What
would you Yours sounds high class.
Well, I actually I grew up on a homeless
shelter, but I got sent to a boarding
school that had elecution lessons. So,
every Friday when there was him
practice, I sat alone with a with a
teacher and got taught how to speak
properly. So, I don't speak like anyone
in my family.
Yeah. Cuz you said I went to Queen of
England. Yeah, I mean you definitely got
and now we are going to discuss the
you know it's very good it's very
product
but you have to ask the question if you
suddenly become invisible what would you
do
if I suddenly became invisible?
That's a really good question. I don't
know what I would do.
You could sneak into something though
like you you snuck into Bohemian Grove.
Imagine if you were invisible.
I've I've snuck into Bilderberg groups.
Uh
have you?
Oh yeah I've sn Yeah, I've been kicked
out you know.
WOW.
AT GUNPOINT. MOVE, MOVE, MOVE.
Oh my god.
And my camera stuff tagging you twice.
Um or I could have just walked through
the front door if I was a big tech
titan. But
but were they doing anything?
By the way, I don't judge everybody
that's been to Builder Bar. I get they
have people there that are part of other
stuff.
But was Builder Bug even doing anything
interesting? Just a bunch of guys.
Oh, no. It's the secret. It It's It's
like one of the most elite globalist
groups where they're making final deals
and battle planning and they have the
Davos group go out the World Economic
Forum and kind of be their mouthpiece. I
mean, if there's a if there's a place
where you've got like half of them are
James Bond villains, that's it. But but
I mean, then there'll be some a few
select journalists, a few people they
want to talk to that are tech people. I
mean, not everybody that goes Bohemian
Grove is bad. Most of them are good. Uh
not everybody that goes to Bilderberg is
bad, but the definite steering committee
and the Klaus Schwab, you know, he's
he's been like,
"Yeah, what's his deal, Clash Schwab?
He's been the he's he was really the
head gopher at at the Bilderberg group
that kind of organized it and ran it and
they decided by the 70s to have a public
arm that then went really operational in
the 90s.
Does he have power?
A lot of power. Yeah.
Does he? Cuz he seems on on one level
you read about the great reset stuff and
you're like this is feels like what's
happening this like weird corportocracy
and horizontal integration between like
big companies and and government. And
then on another level you're like this
guy seems like a joke.
We are here at the headquarters of the
World Economic Forum. like he's wears
like these like cartoonishly
villainous outfits.
Well, I mean, he's the real deal.
What is your greatest fear in a
relationship
and one for you, Jesse, too,
you know?
I mean, I mean, I think that's pretty
simple.
Yeah.
I mean, it's the you really love
somebody, you invest in them and and
then they leave you. I mean, and then
you have that hurt. That's the biggest
problem.
How do you get over that?
I mean, I think when you get older, it
just gets easier because you realize
you're going to lose everything anyways
in this life. Uh, but uh I mean, it's
but it's better to have loved and lost
than never loved at all, as they say.
It's good for me to hear that right now.
So, it's good.
What's your biggest insecurity?
Uh, I have intimacy issues like Jesse
does.
I'm in my head. I'm in my brain about
trying to experience my body.
Same. Same. Yeah.
Would you prefer a wild hot relationship
or a calm and stable one? Wild and hot.
Come on.
I know.
These are funny. Look at these guys over
here. Get them in here.
Okay.
Like the Legion of Doom over there. I
ask you, who's the sexiest person in
this room?
Reva.
Yeah, that's an easy question.
Okay. You have to say this about
yourself now. Reva, who was the sexiest
person in the room?
Me.
There you go. Good. Good answer.
When was the last time you got really
angry?
really angry.
You were angry me today cuz I was late.
I don't think I was that angry.
He told me you were a five out of 10
when I when I arrived.
That I was what?
I asked Alex how mad you were and he
said a five out of 10.
It's [__] Alex,
I was I was happy.
I fell asleep for a minute. I'm sorry. I
was like, "Don't even matter."
No, you're good.
We're so mad.
When was the last time you were super
angry?
Uh when was the last time I was
I do get like anal about the show. I get
type A about like, you know, I want
every
You have frantic energy.
If you could only use one swear word for
the rest of your life, which one would
you choose?
That'd be [__]
Just [__] sounds good.
It's a great sounding word.
Well, it was banned by the uh Norman
because the Anglo-Saxons used it.
Is that true?
There's a whole list of words they
couldn't use.
Man, you know a lot of [__]
Well, it's fun to use the word. Why Why
can't I use the word [__] And like in
the Norman, you know, they're like
calling it, you know, Congress or
something. It's like it's [__] It
sounds good.
But the most powerful and it feels with
the way it means semantically. It's an
those people. Exactly. I mean it wasn't
a bad word. It's like it fucking's good.
Yeah.
Yeah. And you know this goes the Norman
conquest. This is is an Anglo-Saxon deal
cuz they would cut the fingers off so
that they couldn't have the long bowman
after they captured you. They cut your
fingers off if they let you go even
though they win the battle. So So they
would do this. So that that's where
Winston Churchill doesn't just mean
victory. That means that means I got my
[__] fingers. I'm going to kill you.
Wow.
I didn't know where it comes from.
Do you think Nixon knew that?
Cuz he that was his
Yeah. Probably. Well, it is a [__] you.
But it's like a hidden in plain sight
message.
Yeah. Absolutely.
Wow.
Damn.
Yeah. It means I still [__] got my I
still got I'm going to kill your ass.
Like you didn't take my weapons.
Wow.
That's what this means right here.
Still here.
Yep. Absolutely.
Yeah. Yeah. Still got my Wow. That's
like when Churchill's going to Hitler
like, "Hey buddy, you got your [__]
you got victory." If you were reborn,
which country would you want to be born
in?
I almost want to say something like dog,
like um Kabib, you know, it just be like
a tough [__] like Fighting Bears
at the age of seven or eight.
If you could hear only one song the rest
of your life, what would it be?
Babe, I'm going to leave you Zeppelin.
One More Chance by Billy Holiday.
Oh yeah.
This is me. Wow.
Very nice.
I didn't know you were jackalantern.
What' you get?
Mine's like a sunset in New York.
Oh, that's beautiful. That's like a
almost looks like Chicago Cubs. Uh
yeah.
Yeah.
I like that. And then
what the [__] is you?
I just did a little three-part a tptic,
if you will. You know,
it's like a pecan.
It's a It's a pecan.
Well done, Jesse. You're very talented.
Thank you.
I've done well over there.
I'm
hoping we haven't angered the YouTube
gods.
Now down to the central committee.
We love Google
of the of the
We love Google.
Thank you Andre and Horovitz for
sponsoring this show.
DCC.
Yes. Up with the Democratic Party.